all right what I was gonna say is when
you do your placement on what I'd use
what I used to do which a lot of players
do is they walk around as a terrorist
and they figure out which way they're
going to play their CT positions and
they add crosshair placements meaning
when I come into dust2 I go like this
I'll come in here maybe jiggle check you
know that spot right there because you
sit there and then I'll maybe do that
one right here or to the back and I'll
see if the guys back there if nothing is
going on with this see my point is a lot
of people just come and they look
straight back here and that's why you
get that shot because it's crosshair
placement he's not there so as a
terrorist experience-wise this is why
you have problems going first a lot of
the time it's because your crosshair
placement which is really good at some
maps it's only because you have
experience of getting gained
well I have more experience at going
first and getting Guedes so I would just
in a sense of better cross very
placement be keep from you because of
you because I've had the chance to go
first more times than you so yeah so
anyway this is all about entry killing
but not even that it's about crosshair
placement and good CT spots to make
really good CT spots you need to
understand it so here we go if I come
into this site and I go like this and I
check this one and I check back there
and then I can come back here and I can
check the top of the platform where
people sit and if nothing's going on
I'll walk up and I'll check the right
hand side is back far as I can if
nothing's there
I'll come out and I'll crowd speak this
if nothing's crowd speak there usually
people go like this and then they like
they scan up like right up to the window
they just come up and go like this
what's going on and they walk like this
and so they skip this so basically if
you see if you if you're sitting on that
side of the box
you're sitting on this side of the box
right here and the guy doesn't see you
he's gonna scan up to here and you start
shooting him not only that but the point
is that you allow him to expose himself
to such a deep angle that you can switch
to that side of the box and ream him
before he chases you away meaning this
like if you're peeking him here and you
see them and you like like you can't see
him now because they'll be like unless
he runs forward but if you see them here
and then go this way you would go catch
him like he won't be able to run away or
maneuver or anything so the point is
that's why this is good and you catch
them exposed for whatever the main point
is regardless of your reality think
still is already you're already gonna
lose if you're sitting still but your
your reaction time is better than his
and it'll just look amazing because his
crosshair he'll have to go like this
they'll have to come out and go what's
gone
and then like flip down to you he's
never gonna get the shot off you're
gonna kill him
first every time and so what I was just
saying is you said it's just preference
it's not preference it's beating like
you're their crosshair placement unless
the guy comes out and goes like this and
then just goes like this Ted knows to
look for it but because Ted I taught Ted
this but so anyway that's why this is a
really good CT spot because they come
out looking they're not even at you
that's why that is a really good spot
the reason why and also random he timing
timing random peak timing would be this
if I come in the thing and you time it
you just know the mentality you can just
apply this to every position that you
play the terrorists on Ally the timing
to come up from the end of Ally to here
on dust2 if you're coming and they go
yeah there's nothing going on nothing
one Mississippi two Mississippi three
Mississippi four Mississippi five
Mississippi six Mississippi
they're here I mean nobody's gonna
without making footsteps look at this
one Mississippi two Mississippi I'm not
even checking three Mississippi four
Mississippi five Mississippi five
Mississippi they can not be hidden there
and
be in there which means that you could
go like this 1 Mississippi 2 Mississippi
3 Mississippi 4 Mississippi 5
Mississippi like you know 1 Mississippi
2 Mississippi 3 Mississippi 4
Mississippi 5 Mississippi I check it and
that way
basically if that would mean that you're
checking the moment that they like
you're pretending that every 5 seconds
he's waiting to go he's like this boom
and then he goes exhausted even so what
the reason why you can't just sit still
I see you in the back of the bomb site
if you do this and you just kind of go
like this I'm not like you have to
figure out they can see your head over
the box and shit and you're gonna know
that but when you sit like if you see I
think it's basically if you sit any
further back than this any if you sit
any farther back than this and opera
conduct double scope and see your head
now the point is if you just sit and I'm
not sure if it's tucked or not you got
to figure it out but I'm pretty sure
you're safe just know you're safe if you
put your back against like right here
and just sit here and now you could just
kind of do one of these and just look
for a shoulder and go for it now my
point is if you peek hold on let me
think exactly was gonna say you sit here
and you look for a guy's shoulder i
watch you do this you're like yeah James
said he'll come out looking at the
window and I'll get great know you if
the guy comes out like this and he comes
walking out you remember one time you
got killed the guy can go like this and
see your shoulder you need to chill derp
eat him you need to take advantage of
the shouldering
not him and so you need to kind of like
key hit let's check for it be hidden and
check for it be hidden and then check
deep even once or whatever so yeah
that's the difference between the two
now let me show you though I'll just
reinforce it by a different position
when you take this you take along are
you talking take catwalk okay if you're
gonna take catwalk number one the first
thing you could dip like Cody was right
here and through a classroom even Cody
would come like this and there's a thing
called jiggle peeking and I call it that
basically you strafe and you see if the
guys there and if you see them a lot of
times will chase you and you kill them
but anyway would be like this boom I
flash would hit off the wall and I'm
sitting here that's bad okay I would
come like that and see if the guys there
Steve the guys there and just come and
see if the guys there nothing nothing
here front of the box because if the
guys boosted him he's probably right
there right so you just kind of like
nothing if there's stack a lot of times
you can just don't come peeked out
crouch it or even better
come on top of this and then what
happens is when you get close there's no
people hook up you have to take it
against rain shine tap for this and then
check this right here just come up I'm
sorry if it good and then come up and
check this a lot of people come around
the corner and they go like this yeah
and they get blasted here if not I can
see this guy's shoulder and if not they
come like this to go yeah what's up guy
have here kills them so crosshair
placement now on the CT side of it
catwalk guy this is a really good
booster the guy up there and then you
can put like a guy back here or
something I go like that's why that
boost is good because if this guy picks
out that's why cuz they won't look up
there and then yada yada so yeah and
that's so it's the whole point of it on
crosshair placement that's what I wanted
to get down and then we're good okay now
the last thing well two seconds I show
you the icing on the flashes if you
don't I think I told you this but they
can tell exactly where you go by your
slices then if you don't tell them
exactly where the flashes you the
flashes will tell them exactly where
they'll and you'll know how many are in
the site and exactly if they were in the
back of the site so if you're gonna play
B but you're gonna play outside I think
you know this but I'm just saying it
first it isn't giggles this is for every
map that you play you may want to run
all the way in and throw all your shit
and then come outside and then yeah or
even fucking spam the wall figure it out
for you okay all right bye